Situation: In BizSkills' expansion into Southeastern Ontario, the company must 
Goals:
1) Evaluate the three target markets and search for more
2) Analyze whether or not Bizskill can compete
3) Secure Branding
4) Secure Profitability

Hi Professor My name is jamie, and on my team with me I have Alp, Amandeep, Arsh and Jesse, and we're going to be working with Bizskills.

To give a bit of background, BizSkills is an e-learning platform that seeks to empower entrepreneurs and create jobs. Currently, they are aiming to expand to Southeastern Ontario. The justification for this is not only for profit, but to further help people take control of their situations by creating employment opportunities for themselves and eventually, through their entrepreneurial ventures, for others in their community.

Based on the information provided both in last week's info session as well as the information provided on the case study, it is evident that there are four requirements that fall under the peroject scope. 

Before I get into it, I'd like to mention that it is pretty high level, because we want to iterate through our ideas a few more times before committing to one, or several for our proposal

1) Evaluate the three identified target markets and their profitability​
recent graduates exploring entrepreneurship, youth interested in pursuing alternative pathways to employment, and young women seeking financial empowerment
2) Determine BizSkill's position in the [competitive] market​ - YouTube, Coursera, Udemy
3) Secure Branding - empowerment over just e-learning
4) Prevent excessive out-of-pocket spending​ - as in past

First, he needed to consider who to target, and with which of the BizSkills Ecosystem’s various products and services. Next, he would need to come up with a plan to communicate the value of BizSkills Academy Inc. to his target market.

Musengimana had a few ideas about the types of people that would be interested in his services. Generally, BizSkills Academy Inc. was designed for recent graduates between the ages of 18-35 who were facing unemployment. To solve this problem, BizSkills’ services allowed users to take control of their situations by creating employment opportunities for themselves and eventually, through their entrepreneurial ventures, for others in their community. 

In Southeastern Ontario, Musengimana identified three potential markets to target: recent graduates exploring entrepreneurship, youth interested in pursuing alternative pathways to employment, and young women seeking financial empowerment. Given that BizSkills was still exploring the Southeastern Ontario market, Musengimana was also open to new potential target markets and encouraged his network to come forward with different ideas.

The BizSkills Ecosystem that Musengimana was planning to offer the Southeastern Ontario market was the same bundle of products and that he would provide for any other international client. While the courses and incubator were designed to be applicable and adaptable to any business environment, he wondered if his products would be able to compete with established e-learning companies. These days, anyone with the internet could access an abundance of online resources thanks to platforms like YouTube, Coursera, Udemy, and more.

Moreover, Musengimana wanted to ensure that he would be able to send the right message to his audience. BizSkills Academy’s non-profit division, BizSkills for Good, allowed African youth to access the company’s online courses free of charge. The African Youth Job Creators’ Fellowship (AfJC), a new project under BizSkills for Good, would also recruit participants to go through an advanced version of the BizSkills Ecosystem for free. Musengimana anticipated that this message could be confusing to users in North America and wanted to ensure that his market in Southeastern Ontario would understand what he was offering. On the other hand, he wanted to communicate the work his company was doing to help support African youth without alienating paying users in developed countries, such as those he was targeting in Southeastern Ontario.

Another hurdle that Musengimana faced was related to his company’s profitability. Targeting underserved communities typically meant that BizSkills’ customers were not able to afford expensive courses. To remain operational, Musengimana had to ensure that the company’s costs were as low as possible; sometimes, this meant that he had to make out-of-pocket investments to grow the business.