Section = Market Segmentation

Why this target segment: Recent graduates exploring entrepreneurship 
Other options: Women seeking financial independence, youth seeking alternative employemnt

!Women because currently looking for profit in 2022, while this group is better for image, maybe less so for profit. Definintely possible future
!Youth: same reason - profit heavy. Youth is a "broader" category which 1) requires more training adn 2) has a more varied educational background. Alternative employment can mean many things, and as they likely do not know yet,it would not improve company image to be seen exploiting them

For this market: BizSkills (pipeline) seems like a good plan
Graduates have - enough focus and dedication; put themselves through educaiton, wnat to makes something worth itfing # people in uni

3 market segments: Women seeking financial independence, youth seeking alternative employemnt, Recent graduates exploring entrepreneurship 

Let's talk about market segmentation 
This image represents the market size and value. At the base, we have recent graduates exploring entrepreneurship followed by youth seeking alternative employment, and finally, women seeking financial independence. The segment at the base has the largest market size, while the one at the top is most in line with BizSkills' values. In the next 4 years, we expect BizSkills to be able to work it's way "up" the pyramid and support all these segmetns

The recent graduates are at the base of the pyramid for more than just the market size.

Let's recall the company vision : to create 10,000 startups who will in turn create 30,000 quality jobs by 2025.

The timeline discussed last week requires more profit to be earned in 2022 to actualize the vision. The recent graduate segment is the largest and has the highest profit margin. These people are already interensted in entrepreneurship and not likely to drop out - these are worthwile investments. They managed to graduate, and that implies they are capable of self motivation, and want to do something with what they learned. Also, BizSkills' current pipeline is directed towards these people, from Academy to self-directed programs and so forth, this product already fits them., so less needs to be spent in modifying it. 

Compared to "youth", graduates are typically more well-learned, easing the path to success. Furthermore, "alternative employment" is something who is unsure what they want to do will claim. It is not profitable to create an image of exploiting confused youths, nor do we want to waste resources on those that won't continue on the path. IN any case, money is more likely to be lost on this segment. Thus, if targeted, it should be after some profit is made. 

The last segment is definitely most in line with BizSkills cause. While financial independence is still something women seek in Canada, the lack of it is more prevalent in rural communitites and outside of Canada. Furthermore, without financial independence, it is unlikely these people will be able to pay for BizSkills' services. Thus, in 2022, this segmentshould not be targeted. We believe it is better to collect profit, and send it to BizSkills for good, be it in or outside of Southeastern ontario. And that money will go on to empower otehrs.


Just throw notes in here:

By end of this year, should have about 3000 startups
Vision for 2025 is unchanged
Timeline
2022 to build a working framework
2023 use the framework; fine tune

Current goal: try to communicate ournew framework
Bizskills: Ecosystem (home to all other BizSkills), virtual incubation, virtual pitching, for good, SDG acceleration, academy, virtual venture studio, reciprocity
Anyone who uses bizskills, there is one entry point (Bizskills academy)
In Academy, go through self directed programs, and if too difficult, drop out
If succeed, go to incubation, then pitching, then venture studio
then unique projects
Reciprocity - opportunities for academic institutions (have students work hand in hand with people in workspace - how difficult it is to actually change something in society - goal to give them lessons and experience)
African social entrepreneurs (cooperate w/ reciprocity group) can work together or volunteeer
GOAL: to break the norm that lessons can only be learned from the west (developed countries) it is a 2 way street
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) - Work with a partner, hopefully also profit partnership
For good: social/not for profit organization, designed to help provide training for developing countries with good ideas, but not capital - try to mobilize resources so that these ideas can be actualized

ATM: Cause matters more. Need capital in 2022, build brand. By 2023 goal to focus more on the cause